lib: nrf_modem: Revert modem trace change from #6471 (#6691)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/nrf_modem_lib.rst

The library wrapper also coordinates the shutdown operation among different parts of the application that use the Modem library.
This is done by the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_shutdown` function call, by waking the sleeping threads when the modem is being shut down.

> When :kconfig:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_ENABLED` Kconfig option is enabled, the modem traces are enabled in the modem and forwards it to the `Modem trace module`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When :kconfig:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_ENABLED` Kconfig option is enabled, the modem traces are enabled in the modem and are forwarded to the `Modem trace module`_.
```
